                                                                Privacy Policy
We use non-public records to provide the services you request. To the extent we use your private statistics to market to you, we are able to provide you the potential to decide out of such uses. We use your private information to help sellers and commercial enterprise companions in dealing with and satisfying orders; improving patron revel in; to clear up disputes; troubleshoot issues; help sell a secure carrier; collect cash; measure client interest in our services and products, inform you approximately on line and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your revel in; hit upon and defend us against blunders, fraud and different crook activity; implement our phrases and situations; behavior advertising and marketing research, analysis and surveys; and as otherwise described to you on the time of collection of information. we will ask on your permission to permit us get entry to for your textual content messages (SMS), instant messages, contacts for your directory, digicam, photo gallery, region and device information: (i) to send commercial conversation regarding your orders or other products and services (ii) decorate your revel in at the platform and provide you get right of entry to to the products and offerings offered at the Platform by using dealers, associates, partners or lending companions. You keep in mind that your access to these products/services may be affected in the occasion permission isn't supplied to us. In our efforts to constantly enhance our product and carrier services, we acquire and analyse demographic and profile facts approximately users' pastime on our Platform. We perceive and use your IP address to assist diagnose problems with our server, and to manage our Platform. Your IP deal with is likewise used to assist pick out you and to gather wide demographic information. we can every now and then ask you to finish surveys conducted either by us or through a third- party marketplace studies organization. these surveys may also ask you for personal information, contact statistics, gender, date of beginning, demographic records (like pin code, age or earnings level) attributes including your hobbies, household or way of life data, your shopping behaviour or history choice and other such statistics that you can pick to provide. The survey might also contain series of voice statistics or video recordings. Participation in those surveys are purely voluntary in nature. We use this statistics to tailor your enjoy at our Platform, imparting you with content that we assume you is probably interested in and to show content consistent with your preferences.