                                                Terms and Condition
Welcome to Voowx. This report is an electronic record in terms of statistics era Act, 2000 and posted according to with the provisions of Rule three ) of the statistics era (Intermediaries pointers) rules, 2011 that require publishing the regulations and policies, privateness coverage, and phrases of Use for getting entry to or usage of Voowx market platform.

Your use of the Voowx and offerings and equipment are governed by means of the subsequent phrases and situations ("phrases of Use") as applicable to the Voowx inclusive of the applicable guidelines which might be incorporated herein with the aid of way of reference. via mere use of the Voowx, You shall be contracting with Voowx , the owner of the Platform. these terms and situations which include the rules represent Your binding responsibilities, with Voowx.

For the cause of those Phrases of Use, anyplace the context so calls for "You" or "user" shall suggest any herbal or legal individual who has agreed to come to be a buyer on Platform via supplying data even as registering at the Platform as a Registered person. The time period "Voowx", "We","Us","Our" shall suggest Voowx and its associates.

When you operate any of the services furnished via Us thru the Platform, along with but not restricted to, (e.g. Product evaluations, seller critiques), you'll be concerned to the regulations, pointers, regulations, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they shall be deemed to be integrated into this Terms of Use and will be considered as part and parcel of this Terms of Use. We reserve the proper, at Our sole discretion, to exchange, modify, add or cast off quantities of those Phrases of Use, at any time with none previous written word to You. You shall make certain to study these phrases of Use periodically for updates/changes. Your endured use of the Platform following the posting of modifications will mean that you receive and conform to the revisions. as long as You follow those terms of Use, We grant You a private, non-extraordinary, non-transferable, constrained privilege to enter and use the Platform. by means of impliedly or expressly accepting those Phrases of Use, you furthermore may accept and comply with be certain by way of Voowx policies consisting of but not limited to the privacy policy as amended occasionally.